_pages/gallery.md, before:

---
permalink: /gallery/
title: "Gallery & Images"
excerpt: "Gallery & Images"
author_profile: true
gallery:
  - url: images/Gallery/p1.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p1.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Ramin Arabpour, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Ramin Arabpour, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p2.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p2.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Sina Ghanbari, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Sina Ghanbari, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p3.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p3.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Sina Ghanbari, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Sina Ghanbari, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p4.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p4.jpg
    alt: "Me drinking coffee"
    title: "Me drinking coffee"

  - url: images/Gallery/p5.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p5.jpg
    alt: "Me in a Rock themed cafe"
    title: "Me in a Rock themed cafe"

  - url: images/Gallery/p6.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p6.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Hossein Ahmadi, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Hossein Ahmadi, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p7.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p7.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p8.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p8.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Hossein Ahmadi, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Hossein Ahmadi, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p9.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p9.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p10.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p10.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p11.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p11.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p12.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p12.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p13.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p13.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p14.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p14.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Hossein Ahmadi, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Hossein Ahmadi, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p15.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p15.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Hossein Ahmadi, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Hossein Ahmadi, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p16.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p16.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Hossein Bazmandegan, Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Hossein Bazmandegan, Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p17.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p17.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Hossein Ahmadi, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Hossein Ahmadi, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p18.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p18.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Ramin Arabpour, Pooria Mirmazhari, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Ramin Arabpour, Pooria Mirmazhari, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p19.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p19.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Hossein Bazmandegan, Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Hossein Bazmandegan, Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Me"

---
{% include gallery caption="Gallery & Images" %}

Commit message:

added new picture to gallery

_pages/gallery.md, after:

---
permalink: /gallery/
title: "Gallery & Images"
excerpt: "Gallery & Images"
author_profile: true
gallery:
  - url: images/Gallery/p1.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p1.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Ramin Arabpour, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Ramin Arabpour, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p2.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p2.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Sina Ghanbari, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Sina Ghanbari, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p3.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p3.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Sina Ghanbari, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Sina Ghanbari, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p4.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p4.jpg
    alt: "Me drinking coffee"
    title: "Me drinking coffee"

  - url: images/Gallery/p5.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p5.jpg
    alt: "Me in a Rock themed cafe"
    title: "Me in a Rock themed cafe"

  - url: images/Gallery/p6.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p6.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Hossein Ahmadi, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Hossein Ahmadi, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p7.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p7.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p8.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p8.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Hossein Ahmadi, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Hossein Ahmadi, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p9.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p9.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p10.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p10.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p11.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p11.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p12.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p12.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p13.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p13.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p14.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p14.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Hossein Ahmadi, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Hossein Ahmadi, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p15.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p15.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Hossein Ahmadi, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Hossein Ahmadi, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p16.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p16.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Hossein Bazmandegan, Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Hossein Bazmandegan, Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p17.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p17.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Hossein Ahmadi, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Hossein Ahmadi, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p18.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p18.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Ramin Arabpour, Pooria Mirmazhari, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Ramin Arabpour, Pooria Mirmazhari, Me"

  - url: images/Gallery/p19.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p19.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Hossein Bazmandegan, Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Mohammad Hosein(Cena) Ashoori, Hossein Bazmandegan, Mohammad Mehdi Afkhami, Me"
  - url: images/Gallery/p20.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p20.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Me"
  - url: images/Gallery/p21.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p21.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Me"
  - url: images/Gallery/p22.jpg
    image_path: images/Gallery/p22.jpg
    alt: "People in this picture: Ramin Arabpour, Pooria Mirmazhari, Me"
    title: "People in this picture: Ramin Arabpour, Pooria Mirmazhari, Me"

---
{% include gallery caption="Gallery & Images" %}
